c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\bin\Debug\Biseccion.exe.config
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\bin\Debug\Biseccion.exe
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\bin\Debug\Biseccion.pdb
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.dll
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.dll
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.dll
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.pdb
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.xml
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.xml
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.pdb
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.xml
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\obj\Debug\Biseccion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\obj\Debug\Biseccion_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\obj\Debug\Biseccion.g.resources
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\obj\Debug\Biseccion.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\obj\Debug\Biseccion.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\obj\Debug\Biseccion.exe
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\obj\Debug\Biseccion.pdb
c:\users\casa\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\obj\Debug\Estilos.baml
C:\Users\Casa\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Biseccion\Biseccion\bin\Debug\MathParser.dll
